Functions, Extensions and Refinements (2018.10.21 Design Notes)
==============================================================================

I feel like I keep coming back and back to this issue, so I want to at least put
down some notes on my current - and hopefully, future - outlook.


First, so I don't have to scroll through all that crap when I refer back, the
solution...


Solution
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.  Functionality that feels best augmenting a specific target (`Class` or
    `Module`) goes in a `//lib/nrser/ext` file as a `Module`.

2.  Files in `//lib/nrser/core_ext` mirror those in `//lib/nrser/ext` and 
    do only up to two things:

    1.  Require the corresponding `ext` file and `include` it in the target
        class or module.

    2.  Import core exts from Active Support (optional).

Why this wins:

1.  All functionality can be used without monkey patching:

    ```ruby
    { a: { b: 1, c: 2 } }.extend( NRSER::Ext::Tree ).leaves
    #=> {[:a, :b]=>1, [:a, :c]=>2}
    ```

    This extends *only that single object*, leaving everything else alone.

2.  This greatly improves testing: can test the exts using the above approach
    without having to subprocess or pollute the global space that other tests
    run in.

3.  Can test if an object has been extended by testing if the module has been
    mixed in.

    ```ruby
    require 'nrser/ext/tree'

    h1 = { a: { b: 1, c: 2 } }
    h2 = { x: { y: 1, z: 2 } }

    h1.is_a? NRSER::Ext::Tree
    #=> false

    h1.leaves
    #=> NoMethodError: undefined method `leaves' for {:a=>{:b=>1, :c=>2}}:Hash

    h1.extend NRSER::Ext::Tree

    h1.is_a? NRSER::Ext::Tree
    #=> true

    h1.leaves
    #=> {[:a, :b]=>1, [:a, :c]=>2}

    h2.is_a? NRSER::Ext::Tree
    #=> false

    require 'nrser/core_ext/hash/tree'

    h2.is_a? NRSER::Ext::Tree
    #=> true

    h2.leaves
    #=> {[:x, :y]=>1, [:x, :z]=>2}
    ```

4.  (3) allows me to write an {Object} patch accepts a list of ext modules and
    extends `self` with them only if they are not already mixed in.

    This should let code in the exts themselves that use code from other exts,
    extending per object if needed and no-op'ing if the extension has already 
    happen, through patching the class or otherwise.

    Something like...

    ```ruby
    class Object
      def be_a *modules
        modules.each { |m| extend( m ) unless is_a?( m ) }
        self
      end
    end

    module NRSER::Ext::A
      def f
        "Hi from f!"
      end
    end

    module NRSER::Ext::B
      def g
        xtnd NRSER::Ext::A
        "A#f says: #{ f }"
      end
    end

    Object.new.be_a( NRSER::Ext::B ).g
    #=> "A#f says: Hi from f!"
    ```

    Yeah, of course {Object#_ext} would need to be an actual global patch, but
    that seems relatively minor.


Background
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The basic problem is simple:

1.  I have a lot of assorted functionality I want to expose, much of it at
    various degrees of baked.
    
2.  The nicest way to use Ruby is by far by extending the language with custom
    functionality - monkey patching (or `core_ext`, as it's commonly called).

    It just *feels* the best, and Ruby is in my opinion all about feeling good
    as a path to doing good. It's one of the first things that drew me in to the
    language. It looks and feels beautiful.

3.  But there is a dark side... it pollutes the **global** runtime.

    There are surprisingly few issues in practical use, but the potential is 
    vast. It feels kind of icky. And this conflicts with the great feeling and
    beauty of extending the language.

4.  Refinements were supposed to fix all this. They would be perfect, if they 
    were. But they're not. I'm not going to both to dig up links now, but the
    nets abound with them. They seem largely un-adopted and abandoned.

Initially, I had...

1.  Written all functionality as class methods on {NRSER} in 
    `//lib/nrser/functions`, then created methods in `//lib/nrser/core_ext` that
    prepended `self` as the first argument and called the function.

    This was so that all the methods could be used in any circumstances.

2.  Copied core ext methods I needed over from Active Support.

3.  Eventually, I got sick of copying methods over from Active Support (AS) and
    gave in and depended on it. And the methods I cared about from AS came 
    *only* as monkey patches (something I'll touch upon again in a moment).

    So it seems like I started to say "fuck it, I don't want to both writing
    functions, I *never* end up using them, and AS monkeys all over the place,
    so why shouldn't I?" and began writing functionality strait into the 
    `core_ext` files.

4.  And now, as I start to add more half-baked features, I have come back to the
    conundrum again, and realized **if I had a cohesive plan, I'd neglected to
    communicate it my future self, and am hence back in the same paralyzed 
    time-waste of a place**.

So, this time, I'm getting it right (I think (I hope)). And I'm writing it down.

Dear future me: Do it this fucking way and stop thinking about it.
